Added freecodecamp.org link (#667)
discordjs/guide: guide/README.md

* [Nodeschool, for both JavaScript and Node.js lessons](https://nodeschool.io/)
* [MDN's JavaScript guide and full documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
* [Google, your best friend](https://google.com)

> * [Freecodecamp, where you can learn other stuff as well](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Freecodecamp, a popular site to learn web development, including JavaScript](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/)
```
